USB: Single page for events (#11051)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/usb/disconnect_event/index.md

---
title: 'USB: disconnect event'
slug: Web/API/USB/disconnect_event
tags:
  - API
  - Event
  - Reference
  - USB
  - WebUSB
browser-compat: api.USB.disconnect_event
---
{{APIRef("WebUSB API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`connect`** property of the {{DOMxRef("USB")}} interface is an event fired whenever a paired device is disconnected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`connect`** event callback of the {{DOMxRef("USB")}} interface is fired whenever a paired device is disconnected.
```

## Syntax

Use the event name in methods like {{domxref("EventTarget.addEventListener", "addEventListener()")}}, or set an event handler property.

```js
addEventListener('disconnect', event => { });

ondisconnect = event => { };
```

## Event type

> An {{domxref("USBConnectionEvent")}}. Inherits from {{domxref("Event")}}.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Article should be "*A* USBConnectionEvent
